Treat the annotated struct as a row in the database.

# insert
This macro will generate a helper struct for inserting rows in to the database. The struct will
be named `InsertX`, where `X` is the name of the annotated struct. Fields annotated with
`#[ormx(generated)]` will not be included in the `InsertX` struct, since their value will be
generated by the database. The struct can be used with `X::insert` to insert a row.

# update
This macro will generte a helper struct for updating all fields of a struct at once. The struct
will be named `UpdateX`, where `X` is the name of the annotated struct. Fields annotated with
`#[ormx(update(exclude))]` and `#[ormx(generated)]` will not be included in the `UpdateX` struct.
The struct can be used with `X::update` to update a row.

# get
This macro generates an accessor for every field annotated with
`#[ormx(get_one)]` or `#[ormx(get_optional)]` in the form of
```
async fn get_by_x(con: &mut Con, x: &X) -> sqlx::Result<Self | Option<Self>> { .. }
```
By default, the functions will be named `get_by_X`, where `X` is the name of the field.
A custom name can be provided like this: `#[ormx(get_one = ..)]`

# set
This macro generates a setter for every field annotated with #[ormx(set)] in the form of
```
async fn set_x(&mut self, x: X) -> sqlx::Result<Self> { .. }
```
By default, the functions will be named `set_X`, where `X` is the name of the field.
A custom name can be provided like this: `#[ormx(set = ..)]`

# delete
This macro generated a function for deleting a row from the database.
